slugs are fair game for driver ants they
don't run away the first ant makes
contact and then another the others come
running the slug tries to sit out the
attack there are so many ants
a victim uses the only escape route left
to it
the ants fall too they often use this
unconventional way to get down from the
trees but the unfortunate slug has
fallen from the frying pan into the fire
an awful lot of ants are milling about
down here
they smother their prey but the slug has
a trick up its sleeve it may be slow but
it's well protected
it's entire body is covered in a thick
and noxious slime it's so gluttonous but
once their jaws are in they can't get
them out other ants seem to give a
helping hand
but this one is firmly stuck
try as she might she just can't get away
[Music]
for some it's not just their jaws that
attract
[Music]
which is almost free then something
remarkable happens some of the workers
begin to bring particles of soil and
place them on the slug in this way the
slime is soaked up like ink on blotting
paper gradually the slug disappears
under a writhing mass of earth and ants
with its protected code neutralized the
ants attacked the slug underneath slowly
the victim is sliced up
[Music]